Add user guide for Shopping lists (#613)
commercetools/commercetools-sync-java: docs/usage/SHOPPING_LIST_SYNC.md

It also provides utilities for generating update actions based on the comparison of a [ShoppingList](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#shoppinglist) 
against a [ShoppingListDraft](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#shoppinglistdraft).

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Sync list of Shopping List Drafts](#sync-list-of-shopping-list-drafts)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [About SyncOptions](#about-syncoptions)
    - [Running the sync](#running-the-sync)
    - [More examples of how to use the sync](#more-examples-of-how-to-use-the-sync)
  - [Build all update actions](#build-all-update-actions)
  - [Build particular update action(s)](#build-particular-update-actions)
- [Caveats](#caveats)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Usage

### Sync list of Shopping List Drafts

#### Prerequisites
1. Create a `sphereClient`:

> Use the [ClientConfigurationUtils](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/blob/2.3.0/src/main/java/com/commercetools/sync/commons/utils/ClientConfigurationUtils.java#L45) which apply the best practices for `SphereClient` creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [ClientConfigurationUtils](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/blob/master/src/main/java/com/commercetools/sync/commons/utils/ClientConfigurationUtils.java) which apply the best practices for `SphereClient` creation.
```

If you have custom requirements for the sphere client creation, have a look into the [Important Usage Tips](IMPORTANT_USAGE_TIPS.md).

2. The sync expects a list of `ShoppingList`s that have their `key` fields set to be matched with shopping lists in the 

> target CTP project. The customers in the target project need to have the `key` fields set, otherwise they won't be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
target CTP project. The shopping lists in the target project need to have the `key` fields set, otherwise they won't be 
```

matched.

3. Every shopping list may have a reference to their [Type](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#set-custom-type) of their custom fields. 
The `Type` references should be expanded with a key.
Any reference that is not expanded will have its id in place and not replaced by the key will be considered as existing 
resources on the target commercetools project and the library will issue an update/create an API request without reference
resolution.

>      - When syncing from a source commercetools project, you can use [`mapToShoppingListDraft`](https://commercetools.github.io/commercetools-sync-java/v/2.4.0/com/commercetools/sync/shoppinglists/utils/ShoppingListReferenceResolutionUtils.html#mapToShoppingListDrafts-java.util.List-)

Reviewer: This link doesn't work. I guess it will be added later?

Author: Yes, it will work once the release is done and release version is 2.4.0

>     method that maps from a `ShoppingList` to `ShoppingListDraft` to make them ready for reference resolution by the sync:

Author: f0ef07f9

            List<UpdateAction<ShoppingList>>> beforeUpdateCallback =
                (updateActions, newShoppingList, oldShoppingList) ->  updateActions
                    .stream()
                    .filter(updateAction -> !(updateAction instanceof SetSlug))
                    .collect(Collectors.toList());
                        
final ShoppingListSyncOptions shoppingListSyncOptions = ShoppingListSyncOptionsBuilder
                    .of(CTP_CLIENT)
                    .beforeUpdateCallback(beforeUpdateCallback)
                    .build();
````

##### 4. `beforeCreateCallback`
During the sync process if a shopping list draft should be created, this callback can be used to intercept 
the **_create_** request just before it is sent to commercetools platform.  It contains following information : 

 * shopping list that should be created
 ##### Example
 Please refer to the [example in the product sync document](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/blob/master/docs/usage/PRODUCT_SYNC.md#example-set-publish-stage-if-category-references-of-given-product-draft-exists).

##### 5. `batchSize`

> A number that could be used to set the batch size with which customers are fetched and processed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number that could be used to set the batch size with which shopping lists are fetched and processed,
```

> as customers are obtained from the target project on commercetools platform in batches for better performance. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as shopping lists are obtained from the target project on commercetools platform in batches for better performance. The 
```

> algorithm accumulates up to `batchSize` resources from the input list, then fetches the corresponding customers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
algorithm accumulates up to `batchSize` resources from the input list, then fetches the corresponding shopping lists
```

from the target project on commercetools platform in a single request. Playing with this option can slightly improve or 

> reduce processing speed. If it is not set, the default batch size is 50 for customer sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reduce processing speed. If it is not set, the default batch size is 50 for shopping list sync.
```

##### Example
````java                         
final ShoppingListSyncOptions shoppingListSyncOptions = 
         ShoppingListSyncOptionsBuilder.of(sphereClient).batchSize(30).build();
````

#### Running the sync

> When all prerequisites are fulfilled, follow those steps to run the sync:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When all prerequisites are fulfilled, follow these steps to run the sync:
```
